`MASK_CONFIG_FILTER` to configure setting to mask sensitive config (#547)
emqx/emqx-rel: deploy/docker/README.md

```

#### Mask Sensitive Configuration

Use ``MASK_CONFIG_FILTER`` to hide senstive configuration values from leaking to logging system.

For example, set ``MASK_CONFIG_FILTER="password|token"`` to hide all configuration names containing those keywords.

> By default emqx masks the configuration using following filter `"password|passwd|key|token|secret"`. Setting ``MASK_CONFIG_FILTER`` will overwrite default filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default emqx masks the configuration using following filter `"password|passwd|key|token|secret"`. Setting ``MASK_CONFIG_FILTER'' will be merged with the default filter.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default emqx masks the configuration using following filter `"password|passwd|key|token|secret"`. Setting ``MASK_CONFIG_FILTER`` will be merged with the default filter.
```

> The configuration should match whole word (after splitting it by '.') with `MASK_CONFIG_FILTER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration should match whole word (after splitting it by '.') with `MASK_CONFIG_FILTER`. You can use commas, spaces or other required separators to separate different words.
```
